# dicer
peptide chopper/dicer

this tool is designed to:

- Clean up FASTA sequences. Copy a FASTA sequence from an NCBI web page and paste it into the box labeled "FASTA Sequence" in the Inputs section, leaving all other fields blank. Press the “Chop” button to remove all spaces and line returns from the FASTA sequence. The cleaned-up sequence is displayed in the first (top) box in the Results section. Press the “Copy” button located next to the results box to place the contents on your clipboard.

- Generate a discontinuous peptide sequence. Enter an amino acid range into the corresponding "Peptide Start" and "Peptide End" boxes in the Inputs section (i.e. for a peptide located at aa 10-20 of the protein, enter 10 into "Peptide Start" and 20 into "Peptide End”), then press the “Dice” button. Results will appear in the third box (“Dice Results Without Offset”) in the Results section. Subsequent Dice operations will concatenate to existing results. Press the “Copy” button located next to the results box to place the  sequence on your clipboard. Press the “Clear" button to start over/generate a new discontinuous peptide. 

- Execute a sanity check. Example: you’re examining an epitope in Coxsackievirus VP1, reported to be located at peptide 100-107 (where amino acid 1 is at the start of VP1). Coxsackievirus VP1 is accession number HF49556.1, but Coxsackievirus viral polyprotein is QEO24698.1. To find where this peptide is in the polyprotein, paste the polyprotein’s FASTA sequence into the "Fasta Sequence” box, enter 100 into "Peptide Start" and 107 into "Peptide End”. Because VP1 starts at aa 565 of the polyprotein, enter -564 in the "Accession Offset” input box. “Chop” will then show the numeric location for this peptide adjusted to the polyprotein sequence in the second Results box ("Adjusted AA span” box); “Dice” will display the adjusted discontinuous sequence in the fourth Results box (“Dice Results With Offset” box). Note: if Accession Offset is left blank, the output in the third Results box is identical to that in the fourth. 
